so I don't know how the cool kids do
this reviewing thing but I guess I start
with the name of the anime Charlotte
seems promising enough that's a good
name
Charlotte good good Charlotte see this
is why I don't review things so hey whoa
this is a neat little thing here
Charlotte
produced by the likes of PA works who
have in the past produced some great
titles such as Angel Beats and another
now Angel Beats is to this day at least
possibly considered maybe in theory
almost in my top 10 anime with female
protagonists with purple hair so this is
quite a good start animation in this
show is delightful loving the colors and
God who even says this don't sort
of remind me a little bit of Angel Beats
now that you mention it nobody mentioned
anything did they so mister main
character guy here is some form of
superhero or something so it seems
having the ability to swap bodies with
someone in these sites what seems to be
like five seconds oh okay so it's like
abilities that haven't fully developed
or something I can dig it oh he's a
douche cheating on his test to get into
a better school I like this I probably
do the same honestly but yeah Charlotte
seems to be set in an alternate reality
where kids go through puberty in their
mid-teens and gain supernatural powers
but seeing as they're teens they haven't
fully grasped the concept of their
abilities and life so it seems and
aren't using it to their full potentials
groovy ooh love interest yeah she's okay
six out of ten Wow
that was smart I suppose she digs him oh
snap the fuzz is on to him whatever
shall he do he doesn't take control that
dude's body to get the answers I'm gonna
be quiet unencrypted yeah he did
obviously nice and now it's this chick
who is her name Charlotte is that why
this anime is called Charlotte
yeah
now I looked it up apparently her name
is now tamari okay so why is this anime
cold charlotte again blue head glasses
friend
check his ability is to run fast or
something I believe so this girl's
ability is to turn invisible only to
certain people wait a minute now scratch
that just one person at a time
well I mean I can work with that he has
a sister of course he does and he lives
alone with her yeah and now they're
moving in with the other guys
no okay to be quite honest I like this
it's nothing incredible but it's
charming it has nice animation plot
seems pretty unique in a sense love the
not so perfect powers thing it's good
I'll watch the other two episodes that
are out and tell you how I feel about
them
dang it gets a little sad at some points
might be going on a field trip later yes
is a good one it's no angel beats but
it's still worthy of some praise I'll
definitely be continuing this one this
season okay so this is my first review I
I don't know what to do so watch it
maybe I guess that's my school that's my
final score watch it maybe